Drinks:
Stagnant Water Bottle
	A bottle filled with water picked from a dungeon. May not be fully safe to drink. Boil it to purify it. Restores 25 	Thirst.
Water Bottle
	A bottle filled with purified water. Restores 50 Thirst.
	Material for making brews.
Lava Bottle
	A bottle somehow filled with boiling lava. When drunk, it will set you on fire. Restores 1 Thirst.
	Material
Alchemical Aether
	A bottle filled with a divine like liquid. When drunk, it will affect you with Discord. Restores 100 Thirst.
	Material
Apple Juice
	A bottle of freshly squeezed Apples.
	Material
Coffee
	A cup of piping hot coffee! When drunk, it gives you the Caffeinated buff.
Tea
	A cup of piping hot tea!
Gummi Soda
	A bottle of delicious Gummi soda.
Arachnicattle Milk
	A bottle of milk from an Arachnicattle. It clears up poisonus status effects.
Cloudberry Tea
	A small cup of tea, brewed from Cloudberries. It has a wonderous honey like taste. Restores 65 Belly and 45 HP.

Brews: (The following are all Crafted Items)
Harden Brew
	A brew with a metallic taste. Will treat your Defense stage as +7 for the dungeon.
	Water Bottle
	Warped Weed (2)
	Iron Dust
Strength Brew
	A brew with a swirling red liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Attack by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink more of 	this brew, it will not stack.
Dexterity Brew
	A brew with a swishing green liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Defense by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink 	more of this brew, it will not stack.

Intelligence Brew
	A brew with a bubbling purple liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Sp. Attack by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink 	more of this brew, it will not stack.

Wisdom Brew
	A brew with a swaying white liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Sp. Defense by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink 	more of this brew, it will not stack.
Rush Brew
	A brew with a jumping aqua liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Speed by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink more of 	this brew, it will not stack.
Agility Brew
	A brew with a swifting yellow liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Agility by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink 	more of this brew, it will not stack.
Resilience Brew
	A brew with a hardy silver liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Resilience by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink 	more of this brew, it will not stack.
Wrath Brew
	A brew with a powerful crimson liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Strength by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink 	more of this brew, it will not stack.
Royal Brew
	A brew with a thinking royal liquid. When drunk, it boosts your Intelligence by 15 for the dungeon. If you drink 	more of this brew, it will not stack.

Ingredients:
Plants
Warped Weed
	A small plant warped with time.
Water Sprout
	A small srouting flower, dripping with water.
Flare Flower
	A small plant imbued with volcanic activiity
Cloudberry
	A small, sweet tasting, berry that is rarely found.
Solar Spark
	A broken twig smited by the Sun.
Iron Dust
	Dust of Iron Ore.
	Crafted Item
		Iron Ore (1)
		Iron Dust (3)

Bases
Bottle
	An empty glass bottle