Base Mechanics
Level
	This is the general level of power. Used in move damage calculation. Cap is 100 but can be increased to 150.
HP (Hit Points)
	The general life force of your being. When your HP drops to 0, you faint. On hardcore, you will be knocked out		and you will take damage to your soul instead (DP).
MP (Mana Points)
	The force of magic flowing through your body. Only humans have this force. Measures your casting ability for
	spells.
SP (Soul Points)
	The life force of your soul. If this number reaches 0, you will die. Can only be regenerated or increased through
	special methods.

Belly
	Your hunger. Can be refilled by eating food. If you run out of Belly, you will begin to starve. Goes down faster if you are in a wall.
	If you are on a tile that is NOT normal floor, and run out of Belly, you will take 4 HP of damage instead of
	1.
Thirst
Temperature
	See Temperature document.

Attack
	The general Attack power of your Pokémon. Represents
Defense
Sp. Attack
Sp. Defense
Speed
Agility

Strength
Resilience
Intelligence

Vigor
Dexterity
Wisdom

Love

Stats:
Hit Points (HP)
	One of the main stats, and easily the one you should most watch. This is the life of your character. If it reaches 	0, you faint. (Or if it's Hardcore, you will be knocked out.)
	If you faint, you will fail the mission and will be sent back outside the dungeon.
	If you are knocked out, then you will be immoble and forced to take damage via DP.
Mana Points (MP)
	One of the main stats. This stat only applies to Humans, and not Pokémon.
	This allows you to cast magic. If it reaches 0, you can't cast magic.
Death Points (DP)
	One of the main stats and the most important. This is the power of your soul. You only take damage when you 	are knocked out.
	If this reaches 0, you die.
Armor Points (AP)
	This is the stat that determines how much armor you are able to equip.
Attack
	Determines the power of Physical type moves.
Defense
	Determines how much Physical attacks are lowered by.
Special Attack (Sp. Atk.)
	Determines the power of Special type moves.
Special Defense (Sp. Def.)
	Determines how much Special attacks are lowered by.
Speed
	Determines your chances of hitting an enemy. (Capped at +-50)
Agility
	Determines your Critical hit rate against an enemy. (Capped at +-33%)
Love
	Determines your HP boosts (outside of normal boosts)


The following are only affected by Armor and Accesories.
Strength
	Determines how much your physical attacks are multiplied by. Capped at 100.
Intelligence
	Determines how much your special attacks are multiplied by. Capped at 100.

Wrath
	Determines how much your attacks are boosted in general.
Resilience
	Determines how much incoming damage is reduced by.

Vigor
	Determines how much your Melee damage is boosted.
Dexterity
	Determines how much your Ranged damage is boosted.
Wisdom
	Determines how much your Magic damage is boosts.