Ideas for game: Bold is done Italics is maybe done? Bug Fix Normal is not done
Add chests that can randomly spawn within dungeons (rare)
Add a exit to a secret location within dungeons
Add a secret cove (island) in lake spawns that has a chest.
Add a treasure trove room. This room is a rare spawn that can happen whenever you break one of the material spawns in a dungeon (tree, tree stump, rock, ore, etc). It spawns underneath the mining spawn. It is a stash of loot.
Add an endless dungeon but the wind limit keeps decreasing.
Implament slow movement speed
Add secret hidden rooms with goodies in free roam parts of game
Use an external JSON file to manageanimations for dungeon tile sets
Add areas around the game in "free play zones" that contain Life Fruits
Add storage things. Could be chests in house, or a sotrage box, idk rn.
Make it so moves are used based off of the Moves in structs system, not just created on the fly.
Add a sunburn mechanic with medicine to cure it
Add locked chests in dungeons
Make it so that pokemon defeated with status effects still give exp (99%)
Add an AI use type to moves
Make it so void damage does not kill?
Add a temperqatue mechanic with dungeon temperatures (RLCraft)
Add bloated enemies that drop some items that can be found in dungeons.
Add an item that can restore Mana like the Mana Flower in Terraria
Add a variant of Tresure Troves that contain an ambush
Add crumbling paths in ruins dungeons (like from terraria)
Add Adamantite as a material type? But the DND kind

Change how Strength, Resillience, and Intellegence work.:
	Vigor: Extra Melee damage
	Dexterity: Extra Ranged damage
	Wisdom: Extra Magic damage

	Strength: Normal Attack mult
	Resillience: Damage reduction
	Intellegence: Special Attack mult

Make it so Pokemon detect if they've been hit from themselves, not with the bullet???? (Maybe, just an idea)

Revamp external Pokemon format to include forms, gender ratios, drop rates
Switching spots takes up both's turns

For obj_DealDamage, maybe make that part of obj_effect. As in, make that it's parnet. That way, we can get the one by one damage thing easily. Of course, the system already has obj_DealDasmage but maybe for other stuff? IDK just an idea.

Draw environments / maps
Have food that does more than just heal Belly
Create shopping list (look up table)
TJ Stuff
Add an option to create a format of pokemon.

Add a ghost ai type that results in going in and out of walls.
Have ai come to your aid in a moster house. Or have a call for help function that will call all your allies to focus on you.
When selecting a target, have a variable that is set once and not changed until the pokemon is dead. (Or change based on tactic).

Add as move tactic that changes how ai think about using moves
Make it so that ai can move towards wonder tiles if debuffed.

Add bundle items (like shulker boxes from Minecraft)

Make it so that when a Pokemon stands on a tile they're not supposted to, they get warped out instead.
Make other dungeon generation stuff that allows for wider range of dungeons.

Add a basic attack setting. See phone.
Magnet Rise status can go over liquids.

Add a random cave with sand and chests and ruins and deserty shit

Add sunken treasure

Add a falling star event in dungeons that yield stardust
