~~ Medicine:
~ Berries:
Oran Berry
	A blue juicy fruit that will heal the consumer for 35 HP.
Leppa Berry
	An orange fruit that will restore 5 PP for a single move or restore 15 MP.
Pecha Berry
	A pink fruit that will cure the consumer from Poison. Bad Posion is reduced to normal Poison.
Cheri Berry
	A red fruit that will cure the consumer from being Paralyzed.
Rawst Berry
	A light blue fruit that will sooth and cure the consumer's Burn.
Chesto Berry
	A purple fruit that will wake the eater up and give them Insomnia for 10-15 turns.
Persim Berry
	A magenta fruit that will cure the consumer's Confusion.
Aspear Berry
	A green fruit that will thaw out the consumer's Freeze.
Sitrus Berry
	A golden fruit that will fully heal the consumer if their HP is below their Max HP. If it is equal to or greater than their Max HP. Their HP is boosted by 2.
Lum Berry
	A silver fruit that will fully restore the consumer's MP if it is below their Max MP. If it is equal to or greater than their Max MP. Their MP is boosted by 5. The the consumer is not magical, it will instead boost the PP of one move by 1.

~ Heals:
- HP:
Oran Berry Brew
	Crafting:
		(2) Oran Berry
		Water Bottle
	
	A softly textured drink made to boost the natural healing properties of Oran Berries.
	Restors 60 HP.
Healing Brew
	Crafting:
		
	A strongly tasting vile of red liquid, crafted out of rare healing ingredients for serious illneses.
	'Tastes like Pepto Bismol...'
	Restores 90 HP.
Alpha Healing Brew
	A rare, decently sized vile of red liquid, crafted out of very rare healing ingredients for the deadliest of situations.
	'Tastes like Nyquil...'
	Restores 135 HP.
	Cures Poison, Burn, Paralysis
Beta Healing Brew
	A prototype, large flask, filled with a red liquid. Crafted by the most talented of apothecaries with the best ingredients of this world.
	'Tastes like perscription cough syrup.'
	Restores 190 HP.
	Cures Poison, Burn, Paralysis, Asleep, Confusion, and Freeze.
Gamma Healing Brew
	An exceptional flask of a swirling blood red liquid. Made with some ingredients not of this world.
	'Tastes like if Icy-Hot was a drink.'
	Restores 230 HP.
	Cures all statuses.
Omega Healing Brew
	Crafting:
		(3) Ichor
		
		
	A flawless health drink made out of materials of the divine. This falsk is proof of your connection to those above.
	Restores 300 HP.
	Cures all statuses.
	
- MP:

- Other:
Elixir of Life
		(3) Ichor
	A gift from Arceus himself, this mythical flask is proof of your apothiosis.
	'Tastes like cotton candy.'
	Restores all HP.
	Restores all MP.
	Restores all PP.
	Cures all statuses.
	Restores all Thrist
	Restores all Hunger.
	

~ Other Stat Boosters:
Donut
	An very tasty Donut that fills you with warmth.
	Upon eating, a random stat including: (Attack, Defense, Sp. Atk., Sp. Def., Speed, or Agility), will increase by 1.
	Restores 30 Belly.
Mega Donut
	An extremly tasty Donut that fills you with warmth.
	Upon eating, a random stat including: (Attack, Defense, Sp. Atk., Sp. Def., Speed, or Agility), will increase by 3.
	Restores 60 Belly.
Gummi
	A Knowlege boosting gummi that when eaten will boost your Knowledge gains for the floor. Upon leaving the floor, you will gain an extra 1 Knowledge.
	You also have a small chance to boost either: Attack, Defense, Sp. Atk., Sp. Def., Speed, or Agility, by 1.
	Restores 25 MP.
Life Fruit
	A mythical life boosting fruit that can only be found hidden amongst the world.
	When eaten, your HP will be boosted by 25 and your DP will be boosted by 1.
Petra Berry
	A cold, dead berry, petrified from a blast. When eaten, it will Paralyze the eater.
Trash Berry
	A rotten, decaying berry. When eaten, it will Poison the eater.
Dryed Berry
	A berry, dried in the sun.
	Restores 20 Belly.
Frost Berry
	An icy infused berry. When eaten, it will Freeze the eater.
Poison Berry
	A horriblly poisoned berry. When eaten, it will Badly Poison the eater.
Molten Berry
	A fiery berry with a molten center. When eaten, it will set the eater On Fire (Flaming).

~ Drinks:
Ether
	A small blue drink that will restore 10 PP for a single move or, if the consumer is magical, 35 MP.
Max Ether
	A large blue drink that will restore all PP for a single move or, if the consumer is magical, 65 MP.
Elixir
	A small green drink that will restore 10 PP for all moves or, if the consumer is magical, 95 MP.
Max Elixir
	A large green drink that will restore all PP for all moves or, if the consumer is magical, all MP.
Protein
	A potion-like yellow drink that will boost the Attack of the consumer by 2.
Iron
	A potion-like red drink that will boost the Defense of the consumer by 2.
Calcium
	A potion-like aqua drink that will boost the Sp. Atk. of the consumer by 2.
Zinc
	A potion-like blue drink that will boost the Sp. Def. of the consumer by 2.
Carbos
	A potion-like purple drink that will boost the Speed of the consumer by 2.
Vivium
	A potion-like green drink that will boost the HP of the consumer by 6.
Magicae
	A potion-like navy blue drink that will boost the Attack of the consumer by 9.
Minima Experosium
	A potion-like pink drink that will boost the Experience gains of the consumer by 1.5x for the dungeon.
Experosium
	A potion-like pink drink that will boost the Experience gains of the consumer by 2x for the dungeon.
Magna Exprosium
	A potion-like magenta drink that will boost the Experience gains of the consumer by 3x for the dungeon.
Ginseng
	A sweet tasting power drink that will boost the power of an attack by 1. On rare occasions, it can boost it by 3.
Nectar
	A sweet tasting nectar drink that will boost the Knowlege of the consumer by 5.


Temperature Stuff:
Sun Rag
	A moist rag that can cool you off in the hot sun.
	Lowers your temperature by 7.
	Cures Sunburn.
Bag of Warm Coals
	A bag of warm coals that can warm you up in cold temperatures.
	Raises your temperature by 7.
	Cures Frostburn.

Others:
Plant Bandage
	A bandage crafted from plant fiber.
	Restores 15 HP.
Gabite Scale
	A scale from a Gabite which is said to contain magical healing abilities. When eaten, your DP will be restored by 1.
Ambrosia
	The food of the gods, deities, and apothiosified.
	Restores all the consumer's Belly and expand it by 100.
	Restores all HP and boost it by 50.