~ Orbs:
Align Orb
	An orb that, makes teammates' HP equal that of the teammate with the highest HP.
All Dodge Orb
	An orb that, greatly increases the evasion of the user's team.
All-Hit Orb
	An orb that, greatly increases the critical hit ratio of the user's team.
All-Mach Orb
	An orb that, greatly boosts the movement Speed of the user's team.
All Power-Up Orb
	An orb that, greatly increases the Attack and Sp. Atk. of the user's team.
All Protect Orb
	An orb that, will give the Protect status to all members of the user's team. The larger the team, the longer the status lasts.
Apathy Orb
	Using this orb will make the floor Apathetic, making any enemy drop the item they are holding and unable to pickup any more. Their movement Speed is also lowered upon the use of this item, but not for the entire duration of the floor.
Bank Orb
	Using this item will deposit all money on the user into storage.
Beatup Orb
	An orb that, will summon all members of the team around the user.
Blowback Orb
	When used, it sends an enemy in front of the user flying back for 10 tiles. If the enemy hits a Pokémon or a wall tile, it will take 10 damage.
Cleanse Orb
	An orb that, will cleanse any sticky items in the inventory, re-allowing use.
Decoy Orb	
	An orb that, will turn a Pokémon in front into a Decoy, causing all enemy Pokémon to attack it.
Devolve Orb
	An extremely powerful orb that devolves enemy Pokémon by one stage when smashed. Stage one Pokémon are unaffected.
Drought Orb
	An orb that will dry up all water on the floor when smashed.
Escape Orb
	When smashed, the user and their team will escape from the dungeon.
Evasion Orb
	An orb that will greatly increase the evasion of the user when smashed.
Fill-In Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will fill in water with floor tiles.
Foe-Fear Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will cause all enemies in the room to flee, as they are given the Terrified status.
Foe-Hold Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will Petrify all enemies in the room.
Foe-Seal Orb
	An orb with a lethargic aura. When smashed, it will Pause all enemies in the room.
Hail Orb
	An orb with a small blizzard inside. When smashed, it will change the weather to Hail.
Health Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will revert all negative status changes and negative debuffs to normal.
Helper Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will summon a randomly selected rescue team to join your party for the dungeon.
Hurl Orb
	An orb with a gust inside of it. When smashed against a Pokémon, it will be hurled toward another enemy Pokémon.
Identify Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will identify all Pokémon on the floor, and specially mark the ones holding items. It will also identify: items on the ground, traps, buried items in walls and floor, and money.
Invisify Orb
	An item that will turn the entire team invisible when smashed.
Inviting Orb
	An orb with an inviting aroma. When smashed, the user gains a boosted recruitment rate.
Itemizer Orb
	An orb that, when smashed against a Pokémon, will turn them into a random item, featured in the dungeon. Includes the standard item, shop item, buried item, and treasure item loot pool.
Lasso Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will summon all Pokémon on the floor to the user's location, and immobilize them.
Lob Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will inflict 20-40 damage on an opponent from 2 tiles away.
Longtoss Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, the user will be able to throw items until they hit something. Does not work on rocks.
Luminous Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, reveals the entire floor to the user and the stairs. It does not reveal anything else.
Mobile Orb
	An orb that, when smashed, will allow the user to walk through walls.
Monster Orb
	An orb that will summon a Monster House. If there was already a Monster House, a shop, or an unactivated Monster House, the orb will have no effect.
Mug Orb
	An orb that will deal damage to an enemy in front and steal an item they are carrying. If an item is stolen, it will go into the bag. If the bag is full the item will not be stolen.
Nullify Orb
	An orb that will nullify all effects of all Pokémon abilities on the floor. This effect disappears after leaving the floor.
//Observer Orb
//	An orb that 
One-Room Orb
	An orb that will knock down all the walls of the dungeon, turning the floor into one big room. If there is a Monster House on the floor, it will activate.
One-Shot Orb
	An orb that has a small chance to one-shot a foe in front. If your Level is greater than the target's you will gain an increase in the hit chance. The higher the Level of the user, the higher the chance for a one-shot.
Petrify Orb
	An orb that will Petrify all enemies in the room.
Pierce Orb
	An orb that will give your the Pierce status, allowing thrown items to pierce through enemies.
Possess Orb
	An orb that will break upon the fainting or death of the team leader, if in the bag. When this orb breaks, the fainted or dead Pokémon will possess a member of their team with the lowest HP, replacing them for the rest of the dungeon. The possessed Pokémon will be revived at the end of the dungeon. If a Pokémon is holding this item, they will gain the effect instead, regardless of HP.
Pounce Orb
	When smashed, the user will ''pounce'' in the direction they are facing. They will continue traveling until they hit a wall or a Pokémon.
Quick Orb
	When smashed, the Movement Speed of you and your team (in the room) will be boosted by one level.
Radar Orb
	When smashed, it allows you to see enemies on the map for one floor.
Rainy Orb
	When smashed, it will change the weather of the floor to Rainy.
Rebound Orb
	When smashed, it will grant the user the Mini-Counter status, reflecting 1/4th of all Physical attacks.
Reset Orb
	When smashed, it will reset all status effects of all members of you and your team (in the room).
Resurrection Orb
	When smashed, it will resurrect all fainted Pokémon on your team. This does not work if they are dead, ironically.
Reviver Orb
Rocky Orb	
Rollcall Orb
Sandy Orb	
Scanner Orb
See-Trap Orb
Shocker Orb
Silence Orb
Sizebust Orb
Slow Orb
Slumber Orb
Snatch Orb
Spurn Orb	
Stairs Orb
Stayaway Orb
Storage Orb
Sunny Orb	
Surround Orb
Switcher Orb
Toss Orb
Totter Orb
Transfer Orb
Trapbust Orb
Trapper Orb
Trawl Orb	
Two-Edge Orb
Warp Orb
Weather Lock Orb
Wigglytuff Orb


