~ States of the Materna Penninsula:
The Kingdom of the Mountians; Sanctuary: Destiny
	Type: Elected Kingdom; City-state
	King: His Majesty, Marowak
	
	The largest city known to the Pokémon of Materna Penninsula, and the most developed. Under the control of the elected-absolute kingdom, currently headed by His Majesty, Marowak.
	
The Principality of Deheuol; Sanctuary: Hope
	Type: Noble Warrior state
	Prince of Deheuol: Weavile
	
	A state of noble, warriors: this principality rules over the Penninsula of Deheuol, under the control of Weavile, the Prince of Deheuol.
	
The Eldership of Life; Sanctuary: Life
	Type: Elected semi-eldership; city-state
	Elderess: Meganium
	
	A city-state, ruled and run by the council of elders (as well as some elected help), situated within the Jungle of Life.
	
The Republic of Gorgegrove; Sanctuary: Gorgegrove
	Type: Counciled Republic; city-state
	Mayor: Cacturne
	
	A standard, elected, democratic Republic set in the mountains to the south.
	
The Margravite of Titanium
	Type: Feudal Margravite
	Marchoness of Titanium: Roserade
	
	A feudal farming margravite, under the ownership of the Marchoness of Titanium, Roserade.
	This state provides much of the food and grown plants for the Materna Penninsula, especally for states that can't grow their own.
	The Counts and Barons under the Marchoness' control owe loyalty and fieldty to her, as due the Pokémon that are tied to the land. However, unless she risks a peasent revolt or invasion by the other nations, the Pokémon are treated with respect.
	

~ Regions:
Materna Penninsula
	The penninsula of Pokémon and the main settlement for Pokémon actvity (that is known to them).
The Titans
	The impassable, snowy, and deadly mountains to the north. They form in impreginable barrier that only the suicidal attempt to cross. And the explorers.
The Jungle of Life
	A rainy, humid, and hot jungle teaming with life, and death.
The Great Plains
	The name of the major plains of the penninsula, taking up most of it. Large open swafts of land, and the scattered remains of a retreated Pokémon civilazation, ready to be retaken.
