~~ OG Statuses:
Asleep
	The Pokémon falls asleep and stays asleep for 4-7 turns. This can be lowered by using items. During this state, the Pokémon is unable to move, use items, use attacks, use spells, or do basically anything else. If the Pokémon has a Chesto Berry, it will automatically used. Difficulty rules apply.
Sleepless
	The Pokémon is unable to fall asleep. Eating a Chesto Berry will give this status.
Nightmare
	The Pokémon takes 3-6 damage for every turn they are asleep.
Yawning
	The Pokémon will fall asleep in 2 turns from being affected with this buff. Pokémon who have the Sleepless debuff are immune.
Napping
	The Pokémon falls asleep for 4-7 turns with the same constraints as the Asleep status. However, when waking up, the Pokémon is fully healed.

~ Major Statuses:
Burned
	The Pokémon is burned from a fiery move. They take 3-6 damage every 6 turns. However, other weather effects, will boost or decrease damage which are as follows:
	Sunny:
		The time between burn ticks is reduced to every turn, but you only take 1 damage.
	Harsh Sunlight
		The time between burn ticks is reduced to every turn, and you take 2 damage.
	Drought
		The time between burn ticks is reduced to every turn, and you take 4 damage.
	Rain
		The time between burn ticks is increased to 8 turns, and you take 1-3 damage.
	Harsh Rain
		The time between burn ticks is increased to 10 turns, and you take 1-2 damage.
	Storm
		The time between burn ticks is increased to 12 turns, and you take 1 damage.
Frozen
	The Pokémon is frozen solid. During this state, which lasts 3-8 turns, the Pokémon is unable to move, attack, use items, or anything else really. However, during this state, Ice-type moves will do double damage. Fire type moves will thaw out the Pokémon. All other attacks will do 0.3x damage. If the Pokémon has an Aspear Berry, it will automatically be used. Difficulty rules apply.
Poisoned
	The Pokémon is infected with a life draining poison. The Pokémon will take 3-6 damage every 6 turns. Poison Pokémon as their main typing are immune.
Badly Poisoned
	The Pokémon is infected with a major life draining poison. They will take 3-6 damage every turn. If a Pecha Berry is used with this debuff active, then it will reduce it to normal Poison. Poison Pokémon are immune.
Paralyzed
	The Pokémon is paralyzed in place and cannot attack. Their Movement Speed is reduced and their Speed is halved. However, items can still be used. Electric Pokémon have the duration of the debuff cut in half.
Flinching
	The Pokémon flinched. They are unable to do anything for one turn.
Confused
	The Pokémon is confused. They will move in a random direction, disobeying the command of a player in the process. Their attacks will also go in one of 8 directions. If this attack hits an ally, it will deal the effect of the move, unless the Pokémon has Confusion-induced ally prevention such as Nontraitor. Room-wide moves will attack everyone. Moves that have you select a specific target will target a random one instead. 

~ Mobility:
Quick
	The Pokémon's Movement Speed is doubled for 8-12 turns.
Nimble
	The Pokémon's Movement Speed is tripled for 8-12 turns.
Expeditious
	The Pokémon's Movement Speed is quadrupled for 8-12 turns.
Stuck
	The Pokémon is stuck in palce for 2-6 turns. While under the effect of this debuff, it just restricts movement. Ghost-type Pokémon cannot become stuck.
Petrified
	The Pokémon is petrified and stuck in place. They cannot attack, use items, or move. This debuff lasts until another Pokémon effects them. However, after 50 turns, the Pokémon will be free.
Ingrain
	The Pokémon releases roots and ingrains itself into the ground. Every turn, they regain 5-20 HP, however, they are unable to move. Lasts for 4 turns.
Wrap
	The Pokémon is unable to move, and is under the effect of it's attack. Self inflicted from using Wrap. Lasts for the duration of the Wrapped Pokémon. If the Pokémon is warped or move away from it's wrapped Pokémon, both is and the other status will end.
Wrapped
	The Pokémon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 6-8 damage, every 2 turns for 4-6 turns. If the Pokémon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.
Constriction
	The Pokémon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 6-8 damage, every 2 turns for 4-6 turns. If the Pokémon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.
Clamp
Whirlpool
Fire Spin
Sand Tomb
Infestation
Bound
Trapped
	The Pokémon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 6-8 damage, every 2 turns for 4-6 turns. If the Pokémon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.
Magma Storm
	The Pokémon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 10-15 damage, every 2 turns for 4-6 turns. If the Pokémon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.
Mobile
Slip
Magnet Rise
Telekinesis
Grounded
Infatuated
Paused
Cowering
Puppet
Whiffer
Muzzled
Truant
Taunted
Encore
Sealed
	While this debuff is active, Pokémon cannot use sealed moves. (Probably don't include this and just use a flag in the moves themselves.) (Temporary so maybe include???)
Decoy
Discord
	Will randomly teleport you in a 5 tile radius with a 35% chance to activate every turn.
Terrified
Snatch
Powder
Charging
Enraged
Round
Autotomize
Stockpiling
Rainbow
Sea of Fire
Swamp
Awakened
	The Pokémon gains immense god-like power. When this Pokémon is affected with this buff, they are invincible. They are immune to all damage and deal triple damage back (The damage buff is reduced to 1.5x in boss fights). This effect lasts for 3 turns, after which the Pokémon gains the Berserk debuff.
Berserk
	As a result of incredible power, they attack in a random direction or move in a random direction, and their damage increased by 2 times. If they attack an ally, Confusion preventing abilities will fail and the damage will go through. This lasts for 15 turns.
Trained
Bide
Solar Beam
Sky Attack
Razor Wind
Focus Punch
Skull Bash	
Flying
Bouncing
Diving
Digging
Phantom Force
Shadow Force
Ice Burn
Freeze Shock
Future Sight
Doom Desire
Sky Drop
Suspended
Explosion
Self-Destruct
Reflect
Light Screen
Safeguard	
Mist
Lucky Chant
Magic Coat
Protect
Quick Guard
Wide Guard
Mat Block
King's Shield
Crafty Shield
Counter
Mirror Coat
Metal Burst
Mini Counter
Enduring
Mirror Move
Vital Throw
Grudge
Healthy
Sure Shot	
Set Damage
Focus Energy
Encouraged
Electrify
Long Toss
Pierce
Embargo
Cursed
Leech Seed
Wish
Aqua Ring
Destiny Bond
Perish Song
	When the Pokémon hears this deathly song, they will faint in 3 turns.
Heal Block
Blinker
Cross-Eyed
Invisible
	The Poémon vanishes from sight. All Pokémon who were currently targeting the now Invisible Pokémon will loose tracking and start to wander (depending on their tactic). They can still be hit by any attack.
Eyedrops
Dropeye
Power Ears
Scanning
Identifying
Stair Spotter
Exposed
Miracle Eye
Gastro Acid
Substitute
Transformed
Conversion 2
Famished
Hungry Pal

~~ New Statuses:
~ Standard:
Ignited
	You are consumed by flames and set on fire. You take the same damage as a burn just every turn. This includes all effects from weather and type effects.
Inferno
	Your skin is scorching and melting off your bones. You take the same damage as a Burn, but doubled and every turn. This includes all effects from weather and type effects.
Voidflames
	You are consumed by the void. When you are attacked with this debuff active, you will gain void flames on your body. These flames will consume your HP outside of the turn based nature of dungeons and battles. The more you get hit, the more flames will build up and the faster your HP will drain. However, it will always drain in incraments of 1 or 2 on Master. If the difficulty is Hard or higher, a Pokémon can faint because of this debuff. Other difficulty changes follow:
		Hard: The amount of flames you get is muliplied by 1.5x.
		Expert: The amount of flames you get is doubled.
		Master: The amount of flames you gain is tripled. You will take 2 damage from these flames instead of 1.
	You are given this debuff by strong allies of the Darkness. The stronger the connection the higher the rate of this debuff being given to you.
	You will also be given this debuff from wearing more than one piece of Voidshade armor.
Divine Burn
	You have been smited by the gods. This burn is so deadly as to break turn based damage. You take 2-5 damage every 30 frames and it lasts for 2-5 seconds. You can faint from this debuff.
Sugar Rush
	Will boost Speed by 1.5x and attacks will never miss.
Frostburn
	Same effect as a burn, just the ice version.
Start Sleep
	Will stay sleeping until an enemy walks in range. The same as when an enemy is asleep from the start.
Incorporeal
	You have turned incorporeal. Physical attacks that you deal and recieve are nullified. You can still be spotted.
Water Walk
	You have gained the ability to walk on water.
Stasis
	The cells of your body cease to move. The Pokémon is stuck in place for 5 turns unable to do anything. This status is the same as Petrified except will NOT go away when another Pokémon affects them.
Knowlegable
	It's now big brain time! Your Knowlege gains are boosted by 2x.
Commanded
	You are under the complete control of the enemy. For the duration of the status, you are under the control of the enemy and will do anything to assist them, such as:
		Attacking your allies
		Healing the enemy
		Fainting yourself (if you are knocked unconscious, the status fails to do any further harm).
	This is an involuentary effect. Lasts 5-7 turns.
Irradiated
	You are infested by radiation. You take 3 Psychic and 3 Ghost damage every 5 turns.
Static Shock
	Your body is jolted by electricity. Like the Electric version of Poison, Burn, etc... You take 3 Electric damage every 3-5 turns.


~ Dungeon statuses:
Scorched Lungs
	Your lungs are burning. Your natural HP regeneration falls to 0.



~ Accesory Statuses:
- Phoenix Charm:
Rebirthed
	You have risen from death. Boosts your damage by 3 times.
Phoenical Invincibility
	You are invincible! For 10 turns, you are immune to all damage. After which you gain the Phoenical Resistance buff.
Phoenical Resistance
	You can the protection of the phoenix. You gain a 0.33x reduction to incoming damage.
Phoenical Tiredness
	Despite your divine rebirth, your soul is weak. You are unable to be rebirthed again. Lasts for the rest of the dungeon.