~ Tiles:
Wonder Tile
Gold Tile
Sparkling Tile
Hidden Stairs
Trasure Trove
Chest

~ Environment Tiles:
Water
Lava
Void
Divine Liquid

~  Traps:
Apple Trap
	Turns a random non-hold, non-key, non-crafted item into an Apple.
Blast Trap
	Acts like the triggerer was just hit by a Blast Seed.
Big Blast Trap
	Acts like the triggerer was just hit by a Blast Seed, but the damage is multiplied by 1.5x
Chestnut Trap
	A bunch of Chestnuts will fall on the triggerer, dealing 25-35 damage.
Discord Trap
	Will give the triggerer the Discord status.
Ditto Trap
	Looks like an item of the dungeon, however, is a Ditto in disguise.
Explosion Trap
	Acts like the move Explosion was just activated.
Grimy Trap
	Will turn 0-2 edible items in the bag into Grimy Food.
Grudge Trap
	Will effect every Pokémon on the floor with a Grudge.
Gust Trap
	Will fling the triggerer in a random direction. If the flinged Pokémon hits another, it and the Pokémon it hit will take 5 damage.
Hunger Trap
	Will lower the Belly of the triggerer by 20-40.
Mud Trap
	Will lower Attack, Defense, Sp. Atk, Sp. Defense, Speed, Evasion, or Accuracy by 3 stages, or Movement Speed by 1
Pitfall Trap
	If the triggerer is the player, they will take 10 damage and proceed to the next floor. Otherwise, the Pokémon will be kicked off the team and leave the dungeon. On Master, the trap insta-kills you.
Poison Trap
	Will effect the triggerer with poison. If the triggerer is already poisoned then it will effect them with Bad Poison.
Pokémon Trap
	Will turn all items in the room into Pokémon.
PP-Leech Trap
	Will suck 5-10 PP from a move or 10-25 MP.
PP-Zero Trap
	Will drain all PP from a move or half MP.
No PP Trap
	Will drain all PP from all moves or all MP.
Random Trap
	Will activate a random trap effect that is not the Random Trap.
Seal Trap
	Will seal a move or spell for the rest of the floor.
Self Destruct Trap
	Will act as if the move Self Destruct was just used on the triggerer.
Slow Trap
	Will lower the triggerer's Movement Speed by 1.
Slumber Trap
	Will put the triggerer to sleep.
Spike Trap
	The triggerer will fall onto some spikes and take 25-35 damage.
Spin Trap
	Will confuse the triggerer.
Stealth Rock Trap
	Will deal 1/6 Max HP of the triggerer. Can not be triggered by Pokémon on the setter's team.
Sticky Trap
	Will turn an item into the bag sticky.
Summon Trap
	Will summon 1-4 feral Pokémon around the triggerer.
Toxic Spikes
	Will poison the triggerer. If they are already poisoned, then they will be Badly Poisoned.
Trip Trap
	Will make the triggerer loose their hold item. Preferably will spawn near water, lava, air, etc...
Warp Trap
	Will warp the triggerer somewhere else on the floor.

~ Custom Tiles:
Crush Trap
	A bunch of steel weights will fall and crush the triggerer, dealing 40-60 damage.
Doom Trap
	Acts like the triggerer was just hit by a Doom Seed. Very devilish indeed.
Trampoline Trap
	Same as the Pitfall Trap but only spawns in dungeons that goes up.
Evolution Trap
	When triggered, all enemies on the floor will evolve one stage. Final evolved Pokémon will be uneffected. Will be destroyed upon triggering.
Itemizer Trap
	When triggered, an itemizer aura is released. At a 40% chance, with evasion bonuses added, etc... the triggerer will be turned into an item. If this occurs to the leader (or an important member), it will count as a loss and you and your team will be booted out of the dungeon. This is decreased to 10% on Hardcore.
Sand Trap
	When triggered, it will drop a bunch of sand onto you, dealing 10 - 15 Physical Damage. You can gather the remaining sand as soft sand.
	
~ Suggested Traps:
(By ZoroarkDS)
Type Trap
	When triggered, it will randomly change your type to a type not of your own for the floor.
Entryway Trap
	When triggered, it will warp you to the tile you spawned on.
Reverse Trap
	When triggered, it will reverse the stat modifier's signs.
Drain Trap
	When triggered, it will drain Water and Lava.
Duplication Trap
	When triggered, it will duplicate every item in your inventory. It will only duplicate up until your inventory is filled. It is destroyed upon use.
	
(meemo)
fuck you Trap
	When triggered, the game will crash.
