~~ Units of the Corps of Angels:

~ Land:
Land is the Division responsable for exploring the landed areas of the world. Made up of 5 Regiments.
1st Regiment is comprised of a Foot Guard, a.k.a, the King's Guard. They are elite Angels made up of the best, and strongest of the Corps, and commanded by those who are exceptional leaders, and have a special role. Their main job is to guard the King, but they also serve as elite troops in the field. When push comes to shove and the normal regiments cant get it done, send in the King's Guard. Note, this is not used for exploring, that's what the other regiments are for. But if the King or the Prince of Angels needs something very important or something cannot be achieved with normal Angels, then the King's Guard gets sent in.
The other Regiments make up the "line-infantry" of the Angels and are mostly used for exploring different parts of the world, and exploring dungeons and such.
The 5th Regiment is the Police Regiment and makes up the day to day policing of the Sancuary.

Notes:
	The Adjutant for units ranked Company ~ Regiment are filled by the most senior Prefect of the unit with the distinction of:
		Prefect - (Company Prefect)
		Battalion Prefect
		Regimental Prefect
		
	The Adjutant for the Division is filled by the commander of the 2nd Regiment of Explorers and is known as the Adjutant Colonel
	They are basically assistants to the commander and are responsable for the assistance of the commander in day-to-day activites.
		

Rescue Team (Lance Corporal)
	3 Angels
	The lowest organization.
Rescue Squad (Corporal)
	10 Angels
	3 Teams
Section (Sergeant)
	21 Angels
	2 Squads
Platoon (Lieutenant / Centurion)
	44 Members
	2 Sections
Company (Captain / Prefect)
	90 Angels
	2 Platoons
Battalion (Major / Battalion Prefect)
	272 Members
	3 Companies
Regiment (Colonel / Regimental Prefect)
	546 Members
	2 Battalions

~ Sea:
The Division of Sea is responsable for exploring the Seas of the world. Made up of 2 Fleets.
1st Fleet is made up of special troops, like the King's Guard.
	1st Flotilla, the Army of the Sea, is made up of purely underwater Angels, that explore the depths of the ocean.
	2nd Flotilla, the Marines, are made up of troops that can explore underwater and on land.

2nd Fleet is made up of the physical ships of the Angels.
	Each Flotilla is made up of ships that patrol and explore the parts of the ocean in the 4 cardinal directions, North, East, South, and West.

Rescue Team
Rescue Squad
Section
Crew
Squadron
Flotilla
Fleet

~ Air:
The Division of Air is made up of elite bird and flying Angels that explore the skies of the world. They can make up aerial exploration and scouting ahead of unknown areas.
1st Wing are the Scouts, and they scout ahead of an expadition. They make up elite birds who are hardened from other Wings.
2nd Wing are the general explorers, and they explore high up and cloud based places.
3rd Wing are the grounded birds. They deal with the logistics of flight and serve as crews for those who can fly.

Detail
Element
Section
Echelon
Flight
Group
Wing

~ Medicine:
The structure is the same as the Division of Land. However, the ranks used by the Nurse-force are that of the brach that they are serving.
However, the commander is always refered to by their Land name.

~ Outside of the Divisions:

Division / Brigade:
	Divisions / Brigades are of the same catagory of rank. As such are the same unit, but indicate size.
		A Division is the normal size of the unit (Division of Land, Sea, Air, etc...)
			Major-General
			Admiral
			Ventus
		A Brigade is a Division, but reduced in size. But since they are the same unit, just reduced in size, the commander is refered to as a Brigadier-General.
			Brigadier-General
			Vice-Admiral
			Sub-Ventus

	Both units can be elevated and demoted based off of the needs of the day. However, this normally applies only to the Brigade of Medicine, based off of how much exploring the Corps is doing.
	
	
	Division of Land
	Division of Sea
	Division of Air


Corps
	Commandant
	4081 Members
	
~ Abreviations:
- Awards:
HA: Heaveanly Angel
DA: Distinguished Angel
TA: The Angel

CAd: Combat Advisor
CIn: Combat Instructor

~ Units: (Numbers are at full strength)

Commander-in-Chief: His Majesty, Marowak, the King of the Sanctuary

The Corps of the Angels (His Highness, Commandant Garchomp, the Prince of Angels)
	Division of Land (Her Grace, Major-General Gardevoir, the Duchess of Land)
		1st Regiment of Foot Guards, the King's Guard (His Honor, Colonel Lucario, the Earl of the Guard)
			1st Battalion, the King's Life Guard [182 Angels]
				1st Company 
				2nd Company
			2nd Battalion
				3rd Company
				4th Company
		2nd Regiment of Foot (His Honor, Colonel Rapidash, the Adjutant Colonel)
			3rd Battalion (Major Lopunny)
				A Company (Captain Nidarina)
					A Platoon (Lieutenant Azumarill / Prefect Charmeleon, CAd CIn)
					B Platoon (Lieutenant Gabite)
				B Company
				C Company
			4th Battalion (Major Manectric)
				D Company
				E Company
				F Company
		3rd Regiment of Foot (Colonel Cacturne)
			5th Battalion
				G Company
				H Company
				I Company
			6th Battalion
				J Company
				K Company
				L Company
		4th Regiment of Auxillerists (Colonel Seviper)
			7th Battalion, the Reservists (Major Grumpig)
				M Company
				N Company
				O Company
			8th Battalion, the Bookkeepers (His Honor, Major Spinda, the Earl of Knowledge)
				P Company
				Q Company
				R Company
			9th Battalion, the Suppliers (His Honor, Major Rhydon, the Earl of Supply)
				S Company
				T Company
				U Company
			10th Battalion, the Trainnees (His Honor, Colonel Zangoose, the Earl of Training and Combat)
				V Company
				W Company
				X Company
		5th Regiment of Constables (Her Honor, Colonel Gothitelle, the Countess of Police)
			1st Police Battalion, the North Police (Major Aggron) [182 Mons]
			2nd Police Battalion, the East Police
			3rd Police Battailon, the South Police
			4th Police Battailon, the West Police
		
		
	Division of Sea (His Grace, Admiral Floatzel, the Duke of Sea)
		1st Fleet (His Honor, Commadore Empoleon, the Adjutant Commadore)
			1st Flotilla, the Army of the Sea (Commander Relicanth)
			2nd Flotilla, the Marines (Commander Crawdaunt)
		2nd Fleet (Commadore Walrein)
			4th Flotilla, the Flotilla of the Northern Seas (Commander Armaldo)
			6th Flotilla, the Flotilla of the Southern Seas (Commander
		3rd Fleet (Commadore )
			3rd Flotilla, the Flotilla of the Eastern Seas (Commander Sharpedo)
			5th Flotilla, the Flotilla of the Western Seas (Commander  

	Division of Air (Her Grace, Tempest Altaria, the Duchess of Air)
		1st Wing, the Scouts (Her Honor, Ventus Staraptor, the Adjutant Ventus)
			1st Group
			2nd Group
			3rd Group
			4th Group
		2nd Wing (Ventus Skarmory)
			A Group
			B Group
			C Group
		3rd Wing, the Caretakers (Ventus Dusclops)
			D Group (Major Illumise)
			E Group
			F Group
		
	Brigade of Medicine (Her Grace, Brigadier-General Audino, the Duchess of Medicine)
		1st Medic Regiment, the Artery of Land
		2nd Medic Regiment, the Artery of Sea
		3rd Medic Regiment, the Artery of Air
	
	Brigade of Music (Her Grace, Brigadier-General Meloetta, the Duchess of Music)
		Massed Bands of the Division of Land
			Band of the King's Guard
				Instument Section
				Drum Section
				Choir Section
			2nd Regiment Band
				Instument Section
				Drum Section
				Choir Section
			3rd Regiment Band
				Instument Section
				Drum Section
				Choir Section
			Band of the Auxillerists
				Instument Section
				Drum Section
				Choir Section
			Band of the Constables
				Instument Section
				Drum Section
				Choir Section
		Massed Bands of the Division of Sea
		Massed Bands of the Division of Air

Notes:
Commanders
The ranks of the commanders of the units split in a path. Once you reach Centurion, you can go to a commander level (Lieutenant) or to Prefect to stay on the junior side.
